hello. i see that you have defied my rules.
okay okay okay cool cool cool cool cool no doubt.
now that we have established you as a one of a kind, rare species, let's start shall we?
this is a guide on how to be cool. if you do not speak, please leave this page and move on to the meaningful quotes file thank you.
SHAWTY A BAD BLEEP UH ADDISON RAE. if you cannot read any of these words, please leave this page asap. 
teeheehee :P. back to where i was, hello people who are truly beautiful aliens. i have taken over ray teng's page hi ray teng if you see this muaks love u.
step one on becoming cool: wow u really must be desperate if u stayed wkhbfviwe no judgement, boohoohoo:( me too i want to be cool.
anyway, step one, type in lower case. CHANGE UR KEYBOARD SETTINGS RN OR I'M BREAKING UP WITH U. jkjk wtv it doesn't matter u'll js remain partially cool aka fresh.
lower case is the hype rn sis, literally, u will be known as a gen z. 
step 2, just give up txting in general aha. NO ONE LIKES A LONELY KID. even if no one txts u and u receive a msg from someone asking for the ans to a math qn, stop. 
hunny js stop. u might be the sad lonely kid but u got sass. that's what's gnna make u lit. I'M THAT HOMEWORK KID AND I'VE GOT SASS AND I'M PROUD!
step 3, embody cool. dress cool, look cool, be cool, feel cool. u've got piercings? wear gorgeous earrings. u've got nice hair, or at least hair better than zenn, flaunt it!
u've got long legs, show off that swagger when u walk. feel like a model, be the model walking on the runway, be the runway. 
no seriously js lie flat on the floor. thank you.
psych u thought. pfft anyone could do that. if u were to be the runway, be a dazzling runway. inserting pics rn, i js realised i can't.
oh well, imagination will js hv to do for now. tip: outshine the models. u heard nothing.
last step darlings! this step will change ur life forever. u ready for it?
ignore wtv i mentioned in the previous steps. why? after we've come so far, why am i saying this?
u are better than you think u are. we ain't need to be cool. u js need to be u boo! there will always be somebody out there loving u for u. 
i honestly don't know why u've read until this part but, i hope u're doing well. for whatever reason u chose to follow this guide, u are beautiful and no one can tell u otherwise.
time for the relevance to the topic of quotes! "beauty isn't about having a pretty face. it is about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart and most importantly a beautiful soul."
i've come to the end of my great speech thank you. 
